apple > the round fruit of a tree of the rose family, which typically has thin red or green skin and crisp flesh. Many varieties have been developed as dessert or cooking fruit or for making cider.
banana > a long curved fruit that grows in clusters and has soft pulpy flesh and yellow skin when ripe.
car > a road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal combustion engine and able to carry a small number of people.
duck > a waterbird with a broad blunt bill, short legs, webbed feet, and a waddling gait.
egg > an oval or round object laid by a female bird, reptile, fish, or invertebrate, usually containing a developing embryo. The eggs of birds are enclosed in a chalky shell, while those of reptiles are in a leathery membrane.
flower > the seed-bearing part of a plant, consisting of reproductive organs (stamens and carpels) that are typically surrounded by a brightly colored corolla (petals) and a green calyx (sepals).
giraffe > a large African mammal with a very long neck and forelegs, having a coat patterned with brown patches separated by lighter lines. It is the tallest living animal.
hour > a period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night and divided into 60 minutes.
iron > a strong, hard magnetic silvery-gray metal, the chemical element of atomic number 26, much used as a material for construction and manufacturing, especially in the form of steel.
jungle > an area of land overgrown with dense forest and tangled vegetation, typically in the tropics.
knowledge > facts, information, and skills acquired by a person through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject.
limon > round yellow fruit.
money > a current medium of exchange in the form of coins and banknotes; coins and banknotes collectively
nano > denoting a factor of 10-9(used commonly in units of measurement).
ohaio > city
pen > an instrument for writing or drawing with ink, typically consisting of a metal nib or ball, or a nylon tip, fitted into a metal or plastic holder.
queen > the female ruler of an independent state, especially one who inherits the position by right of birth
rabbit > a burrowing, gregarious, plant-eating mammal with long ears, long hind legs, and a short tail.
sun > the star around which the earth orbits.
tea > a hot drink made by infusing the dried, crushed leaves of the tea plant in boiling water
ultraviolet > (of electromagnetic radiation) having a wavelength shorter than that of the violet end of the visible spectrum but longer than that of X-rays.
water > a colorless, transparent, odorless, tasteless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
xbox > Microsoft gaming console
yellow > of the color between green and orange in the spectrum, a primary subtractive color complementary to blue; colored like ripe lemons or egg yolks.
zoo > an establishment that maintains a collection of wild animals, typically in a park or gardens, for study, conservation, or display to the public